fix: typos, grammar and link edits on documentation (#56)
witnet/documentation: docs/protocol/sortition.md

<p style="text-align:center;">
<img src="https://latex.codecogs.com/gif.latex?VRF(t&space;||&space;rand(t)&space;||&space;task_{id})_{M_i}/2^L&space;\leq&space;I^t_i" title="VRF(t || rand(t) || task_{id})_{M_i}/2^L \leq I^t_i" ="center" />
</p>

VRF refers to the deterministic output of a Verifiable Random Function algorithm performed with key M<sub>i</sub>, and I<sub>i</sub><sup>t</sup> refers to the influence (in terms of reputation) of peer i at time t. The task id represents the task which the node is trying to be eligible for. 

As specified, if the VRF output falls below the target value, then the node is eligible to perform the task. Each peer can individually determine its sortition without interacting with any other peer in the network. The random value is common to all peers (using the VRF random output of the last block).

There are several properties that a cryptographic sortition needs to fullfil. The utilization of Verifiable Random Functions to select committees offers us the following properties:

> - **Collision resistance** - its difficult to discover two inputs that map to the same output.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Collision resistance** - it is difficult to discover two inputs that map to the same output.
```
